Update static docs structure and information (#368)
empathyco/x: packages/x-components/static-docs/build-search-ui/web-archetype-integration-guide.md

The XEventsTypes are those that can be triggered from different modules inside the X Components, but
have in mind that every module has its own sort of components. So have a look to DeviceXEvents,
EmpathizeXEvents, SearchBoxXEvents, etc.

:::

## X API

The X API allows your website to communicate with Interface X. It is a set of utilities that helps
to integrate Interface X into your website.

| Function         | Parameters                                                                     | Description                                                                                                                                                       |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| init             | - [Snippet Configuration](#snippet-configuration) - The initialisation options | [Initialises Interface X on demand](#initialise-on-demand).                                                                                                       |

> | search           | - query (Optional) - The query to open Interface&nbsp;X with                   | Opens Interface&nbsp;X with the given search query.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| search           | - query (Optional) - The query to open Interface&nbsp;X with                   | Opens Interface&nbsp;X and triggers a search with the given query.                                                                                                               |
```

> | setSnippetConfig | - [Snippet Configuration](#snippet-configuration) - The Initialisation options | Changes the options and all components react to the changes. Helps to change, language, for instance, to respond to user interactions without reloading the page. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| setSnippetConfig | - [Snippet Configuration](#snippet-configuration) - The Initialisation options | Changes the options and all components react to the changes. Useful, for example, to change both search engine and displayed language without reloading the page. |
```
